docs: clarify active gcl setup for concurrency context manager examples (#22533)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/v3/how-to-guides/workflows/global-concurrency-limits.mdx

In both examples, the `concurrency` context manager occupies one slot on the `database` concurrency limit. If no slots are available, execution blocks until a slot becomes available.

<Note>
Before running these examples, create an **active** global concurrency limit that matches the name used in code:

```bash
prefect gcl create database --limit 1
```

> If the limit does not exist or is inactive, non-strict mode (the default) logs a warning and execution continues without blocking. Use `strict=True` when you need concurrency enforcement to fail fast instead of silently proceeding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the limit does not exist, the default behavior is to log a warning and continue execution without blocking. Use `strict=True` when you need concurrency enforcement to fail fast when the specified limit does not exist instead of silently proceeding.
```
